Fix speed limit descrip. in rep. task table (#1349)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/tasks.rst

   +---------------------------+-----------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Stream Compression        | SSH       | drop-down menu | Select a compression algorithm to reduce the size of the data being replicated.                                 |
   +---------------------------+-----------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Limit (KiB/s)             | SSH       | integer        | Limit replication speed to the specified value in kbytes/second. Leave empty to have no limit.                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Limit (KiB/s)             | SSH       | integer        | Limit replication speed to the specified value in Kbytes/second. Zero means no limit.                  |
```
